stream: add iterator helper find (#41849)
nodejs/node: doc/api/stream.md

console.log('done'); // Stream has finished
```

### `readable.find(fn[, options])`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `fn` {Function|AsyncFunction} a function to call on each item of the stream.
  * `data` {any} a chunk of data from the stream.
  * `options` {Object}
    * `signal` {AbortSignal} aborted if the stream is destroyed allowing to
      abort the `fn` call early.
* `options` {Object}
  * `concurrency` {number} the maximum concurrent invocation of `fn` to call
    on the stream at once. **Default:** `1`.
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} allows destroying the stream if the signal is
    aborted.

> * Returns: {Promise} a promise evaluating to the first chunk for which `fn`

Reviewer: Is it "chunk" or "item"? Let's choose one and use that throughout documentation

Author: Do you want me to change if for the every/some as well?

Reviewer: Might as well! Fits in this PR because it already touches those.

  evaluated with a truthy value, or `undefined` if no element was found.

This method is similar to `Array.prototype.find` and calls `fn` on each chunk
in the stream to find a chunk with a truthy value for `fn`. Once an `fn` call's
awaited return value is truthy, the stream is destroyed and the promise is

> fulfilled with value for which the value of `fn` was truthy for. If all of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
fulfilled with value for which `fn` returned a truthy value. If all of the
```

?
